darksidemanas.md (#171)
hackclub/winter: darksidemanas.md

---
name: "darksidemanas"
project: "medical sos emergeny recordig and monitoring system"
---

# Project Name
MEDICAL SOS EMERGENCY MONITORING AND RECORDING SYSTEM 
## Summary

> I WANT TO MAKE IOT DEVICE TO CONNECT PATIENTS AND ALL MEDICAL ,SO THEY CAN MONITOR MULTIPLE PEOPLE AT THE SAME TIME IT WILL HELP IN SITUATIONS LIKE COVID-19.

Reviewer: in order for your device to monitor multiple people at a time, would you need to have multiple devices?

Author: to monitor every person we need a different device

Reviewer: ahhh ok :)

I WILL BE DEVEOPING ANDRIOD APP TO DO SO.

## Plan

> 1.FIRST WE NEED TO CONFIGURE RASPBERRY PI TO READ ANALOG SIGNALS USING A CUSTON DESINGED PCB 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.FIRST WE NEED TO CONFIGURE RASPBERRY PI TO READ ANALOG SIGNALS USING A CUSTOM DESIGNED PCB 
```

Reviewer: do you plan on following any guide of sorts for designing your pcb such that your pi can read analog signals?

Author: yup we can use the mcb3008 module to help pi to read analogue data

Reviewer: do you already have access to that?

Author: yup if you want I can share bills and pictures

Reviewer: no need hehe, thanks!

> 2.TO MAKE A ANDIOD APP WITH MULTIPLE LANGUAGE SUPPORT AN ALGORITHM TO LIST OUT PATIENTS WHO NEED MEDICAL ASSISTANCE ARGENTLY 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.TO MAKE AN ANDRIOD APP WITH MULTIPLE LANGUAGE SUPPORT AN ALGORITHM TO LIST OUT PATIENTS WHO NEED MEDICAL ASSISTANCE URGENTLY 
```

> 3.PCB TOH CONNECT DIFFRENT MEDICAL PROBES WITH PI 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.PCB TOHCONNECT DIFFERENT MEDICAL PROBES WITH PI 
```

Reviewer: Could you please elaborate on what you mean by medical probes? Are there any specific ones you're thinking of and do you already have access to them?

Author: medical probes suggest equipment like ECGs and other present in ICU or NICUS

Reviewer: oh cool! could you please elaborate a little more on this within your plan (and add it to the file)? like how would you connect the equipment to your machine, what are you going to build in your circuit that will allow it to read the data from these machines? etc.

Author: like these machine uses analogue signals to transmit data to monitors and other equipment we will be using the mcb3008 and spi interface present in raspberry pi we will be reading analogue signals .

Reviewer: ok cool! can you please add this in your file? also, is the budget inclusive of taxes and shipping?

Author: ok sure

> 4.TESTING WITH DIFFRENT MEDICAL SENSORS 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.TESTING WITH DIFFERENT MEDICAL SENSORS 
```

> 5.DESINGING A METAL ENCLOSER TO PROTECT PI AND OTHER PCB .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.DESIGNING A METAL ENCLOSURE TO PROTECT PI AND OTHER PCB .
```

Reviewer: how do you plan on building this metal enclosure?

Reviewer: cool! and do you already have access to an appropriate 3d printer or other resources you need to design the case?

Author: yup in my community I have access to 3d printer ,well I m not sure about it is capable of printing metals or not but I am sure about ABS .

Reviewer: sounds good, thanks!

## Budget

What materials will you need for your project? Where will you get them? How much does it cost? Please include all materials, including components you already own. Make sure to factor in shipping costs and sales tax.

| Product         | Supplier/Link                         | Cost   |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------- | ------ |
| SOLDRING KIT    | https://robu.in/product/plusivo-soldering-kit-with-multimeter-eu-plug/ | $21.27  |

> | raspberyy pi 4B+ 8GB| https://www.amazon.in/Raspberry-Pi-8GB-Desktop-Computer/dp/B08B9XS3B6?th=1  | $169.18 |

Reviewer: do you need an SD card and power adapter? also, how do you plan on connecting to and programming your raspberry pi?

Author: I have both with me I m thinking of using SSH with LAN cable and with putty

Reviewer: sounds good!
